feat(AIP-203): clarify resource name guidance (#1180)
googleapis/aip: aip/general/0203.md

```

- APIs **must** apply the `google.api.field_behavior` annotation on every field

>   non a message or sub-message used in a request, except for the [name](#name).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  on a message or sub-message used in a request, except for the [`name`](#annotating-name).
```
typo at the start, suggestion of formatting `name`, correct the anchor?

Feel free to take the suggestions (or not) piecemeal in your own commit(s)

only, and does not itself add any validation. The purpose is to consistently
document this behavior for clients.

### Annotating Name

> The `name` field of a resource **must not** be annotated.

Reviewer 2: Should we also adjust Immutable Potential use case section? At the moment [it contains](https://github.com/aip-dev/google.aip.dev/blob/master/aip/general/0203.md?plain=1#L144-L146)
```
Potential use cases for immutable fields (this is not an exhaustive list) are:
- Names or IDs which are set on creation and then used as a primary key.
```

Reviewer: Good call out, that should be updated as well.

> The `name` field of a resource **must not** be annotated.

Reviewer: I'm wondering if we should start by making this a **should not** instead, so as to avoid randomizing anyone that has already annotated it with field_behavior. Also, I'm worried that if we do end up adding a new value like `IDENTITY` we will be reverting this **must not** to "**must** use `IDENTITY`", further randomizing.

Since the resource name (see AIP-122) is used in a variety of contexts in which some are
`OUTPUT_ONLY`, `REQUIRED`, and `IMMUTABLE`, clients **should** have special

> handling for that field based on the request.

Reviewer: > clients **should** have special handling for that field based on the request

IDK how actionable/enforceable this is but I understand we want to call it out as a special case that needs to be recognized...perhaps don't use a requirement word? idk
